Day 10 of making Pixel Brawl. The fights
were feeling great, but every enemy
looked the same. So, today was all about
style. I jumped into Pixel Lab's edit
image tool and started creating new
variations for each fighter. Different
colors, [music] new outfits, little
design twists that make them stand out.
Then, I use the animation to animation
tool to bring them back to [music] life.
It lets me reuse all the old animations
and rotations, but with the new [music]
sprites, perfectly aligned frame for
frame. Once that was done, I told Claude
Code to plug them into the project. And
now we can swap [music] outfits right
from the enemy selection menu. Press Q
or E to switch styles. Maybe the Desert
Raider's metal armor, the dojo master's
blue kimono, [music] or the frost
guard's witch outfit. It's a small
update, but it gives every fighter some
personality. And honestly, I love how it
turned [music] out. What do you think I
should add next? Let me know in the
comments. and come back tomorrow for day